Add support for `runForInstallBuildsOnly` (runOnlyForDeploymentPostprocessing) for build actions. (#2823)
tuist/tuist: projects/docs/docs/manifests/project.md

.pre(path: "my_custom_script.sh", name: "My Custom Script Phase", basedOnDependencyAnalysis: false)
```

> The following example shows the definition of an action that runs the `my_custom_script.sh` only for InstallBuilds:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows the definition of an action that runs the `my_custom_script.sh` only for install builds:
```

(correct me if `InstallBuild`, as a name, is used, I might be wrong here)

Author: done

Author: done
